DRAFT

SCMS reprocessing chronology.

For the SCMS project, Darrel developed a NIMBUS skeleton processor for the
PMS-1D probes (FSSP-100 and FSSP-300) and Golden Egg temperature data (both
low- and high- rate).  It was used to produce intermediate netCDF files.
These were merged into the NIMBUS-produced production low- and high-rate
files which were archived to the SCD Mass Store System as the first production
data set.  (At this time, RAF had no software to display the production PMS-1D
data.)

After production data delivery, word came from the users that the high-rate
PMS-1D data were garbage.  Perhaps through misinterpretation, it was thought
that these were opinions on data quality.  In reality, because of a missing
"write" statement in the skeleton processor, the data really were garbage.

I first got word of a possible problem with the data on 17 December 1997.  My
recollection is that Jay Miller called Chris to see about straightening things
out.  Rather than use a skeleton, the idea was to reprocess the PMS-1D data
within NIMBUS.  When Chris got into the loop, his first try used incorrect
settings in a PMSspecs file regarding the number of cells in a probe, and
the high-rate data (for the 260X, I think) were scrambled.  He worked with
Jay Miller and Darrel to massage the data until it satisfied everyone, about
early May for the low-rate data.

A review of my email messages shows that things were not really ready by then.
Messages between Chris, Neil Laird, Jay Miller and me showed more problems,
and it wasn't until 22 May that the final reprocessing was completed and
the production data archived to the MSS.  That same day I sent mail to the
primary people associated with this reprocessing:  Neil Laird, Bob Rauber,
Jay Miller, Harry Ochs.  That same day I also updated Charlie Knight, Krista
and Darrel.  On 17 July, after I had moved all the MSS data to their new
permanent directories, I sent a final email to all the SCMS recipients
in a list that Krista compiled for me.

One significant date was 2 June, a submission deadline for a Cloud Physics
Conference everyone was scrambling to meet.

Ron Ruth  12 October 1998
