This file serves two purposes:  1) to give instructions for using the
skeleton program, and 2) to explain the purpose of this skeleton program
and to document its results.

Purpose of Skeleton
-------------------
The PMS-1D FSSP probe on the 4-870 WISP project had a problem with some of
the housekeeping data.  Specifically STROBES and ACTIVITY did not seem to
be in phase with the 10sps accumulations.  This resulted in some rather odd
sample-to-sample calculations of derived variables, e.g.,  concentration,
liquid water content.

After consulting with Darrel Baumgardner about the problem, RAF decided
that the best solution would be to average the housekeeping data for one
second at a time and use the mean values for each of the 10 sps, derived
calculations.

The final NIMBUS HRT production data sets were read by this skeleton, and
a new subset of the derived variables were output to a new netCDF file.
This file was then merged back into the original production data file.
The resulting netCDF file then has corrected values of the affected
FSSP variables.


Skeleton results
----------------
Original, unmodified, netCDF production output bitfiles were moved to
the MSS directory:  `/RAF/1994/870/OLDHRT.'

The corrected data sets (from merging the output from this skeleton program
into the original data set) have been saved in the MSS directory:
`/RAF/1994/870/HRT.'


Skeleton Instructions
---------------------
1)	All editing should be done in amlib.c, unless you are doing something
	special.  There are 4 steps to complete which are labeled throughout
	amlib.c (they are not in order).

	If you need "one time" code to execute, the function Initialize() in
	init.c is a good choice, this will be before the header has been read
	from the input file.  If you need one time code executed after the
	header has been read from the input file, you can put it at the bottom
	of ReadInputFile() in netcdf.c

	When editing these files, keep in mind that I wrote this code with
	tabstops set to 4 not 8.  Typing the command ":set tabstop=4" after
	entering vi will work.  You may also edit the file '.exrc' in this
	directory and put the command "set tabstop=4" into it.

2)	type 'make'

3)	To run it type, 'skel'

4)	After you have debugged it, you may edit the Makefile, and change the
	'-g' option to '-O' for faster performance.  After editing Makefile,
	type:

	make clean
	make
